Nola's take a look at how we can create a header's exchange using the builder methods.
So I'll go down again and our creative team.
And with that being I'm going to say I want an exchange and this is going to be header's exchange
an insight that header's exchange.
I'm going to use the Xchange builder and I'll say header's exchange so as to name I'm going to say header's
exchange
and I can of course say header's test the exchange and then as we saw with the previous Xchange types
the arguments are the builder method arguments are pretty simple because they're all extending from
the same builder.
We have internal we have durability auto delete delayed ignored declaration exceptions with arguments
and with arguments as a map just like that.
So let's say it is internal It is also durable
and we can say ignore declaration exceptions and just be all that.
So let's rerun our application to see created.
It's about to start.
And here we go.
If you again check our logs we can see that are hundreds of exchanges created.
And let's go to our rabbit MQ dashboard and in the exchanges we can definitely see that our headers
test exchange is created as the type headers with the durability and the internal arguments set as true.
And if we go inside it we can just simply verify that the arguments that we provided within the method
is used when we create our Xchange in rabid MQ.